added description for KonnectivityService (#44598)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/setup-konnectivity.md

<!-- overview -->

> The Konnectivity service facilitates secure 
> communication between the control plane and the cluster nodes. It operates 
> as a TCP level proxy, ensuring that control plane traffic is efficiently 
> and securely transmitted to the nodes within the cluster. By managing the 
> communication layer, Konnectivity plays a vital role in maintaining the 
> integrity and reliability of the Kubernetes environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes can use an optional proxy mechanism, _Konnectivity_, that helps you connect your
control plane's {{< glossary_tooltip text="API servers" term_id="kube-apiserver" >}}  to your nodes,
to {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="etcd" >}}, or to aggregated API servers.

The proxy operates at a stream layer, independent of packets and network routes.
You can use Konnectivity to deploy a cluster where there is no direct route between the
node network and the subnet(s) where you have deployed your control plane hosts.
```

For more context, visit https://kep.k8s.io/1281 and https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-api-machinery/1281-network-proxy/README.md#proposal

Author: This has a very detailed explanation. Thanks @sftim. I have changed the whole content as per your suggestion.

Reviewer: Please do that squash.

> Learn more about [Konnectivity service](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#konnectivity-service)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about [Konnectivity](/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#konnectivity-service).
```

<!-- overview -->

> The Konnectivity service is a crucial component that facilitates secure 

Reviewer: Is Konnectivity crucial?

your control plane's {{< glossary_tooltip text="API servers" term_id="kube-apiserver" >}} 

> to your nodes, to {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="etcd" >}}, or to aggregated API servers.  

Reviewer 2: can't the konnectivity service be used for all three egress types: controlplane (authn, authz, admission, conversion webhooks), etcd, and cluster (self-hosted aggregated apiservers)?

> The proxy operates at a stream layer, independent of packets and network routes.  

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what this sentence means.  The apiserver has to be able to reach the konnectivity server and then the konnectivity server can tunnel as appropriate.

integrity and reliability of the Kubernetes environment.

Learn more about [Konnectivity service](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/

> architecture/control-plane-node-communication/#konnectivity-service)

Reviewer: Avoid breaking the hyperlink across two lines.

Author: noted
